{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Sci-Fi movies, budget against IMDB rating:\
\
It doesn\'92t seem like there is a strong correlation between budget and the IMDB rating that the movie receives. However, I believe that there is a weak correlation between the budget and rating since the movies with the lowest ratings have the smallest budget while the points on the right half of the graph all have ratings higher than 5 with the exception of 1 point. This graph suggests that while having a high budget for a Sci-Fi movie might raise the floor of what rating the movie will receive, it does not raise the ceiling since there are many lower budget films with very high ratings. \
\
\
Western movies, year against duration:\
\
This graph suggests that there is almost no correlation between the year and the duration of Western movies. In other words, it appears that Western movies have not gotten significantly shorter or longer during these years. However, most of the 10 shortest Western movies all released after in/after the 2000s. \
\
\
Family movies, budget against gross:\
\
It doesn\'92t seem like there is a direct correlation between budget and gross. However, there is a large amount of points grouped in the bottom left quadrant of the graph which suggests that lower budget family movies tend to sell worse. That does not necessarily mean that higher budget family movies will earn more since if one observes the top half of the graph, it appears that the points are scattered all across the space where family movies of all budget ranges have high gross.\
\
\
Action movies, IMDB rating and gross:\
\
It appears that there is a weak correlation between the IMDB rating and the gross of action movies. It can be observed from the graph that the top half of the graph that almost all of the highest grossing action movies have at least and IMDB rating of 6 and as you look at higher and higher amounts of earnings the ratings of the points only go up. Furthermore, almost all points with IMDB ratings of 5 or less have a grossing of less than 10^8$. However, not all points with higher ratings have very high earnings. \
\
\
Fantasy movies, IMDB rating and gross:\
\
There appears to be a very weak correlation between the rating and the grossing of fantasy movies. It seems like fantasy movies with higher ratings earn more on average but it is difficult to tell from just an eye test. \
\
\
Horror movies, IMDB rating and gross:\
\
The top half of the graph consists of only horror movies with IMDB ratings of 6 or higher. However looking at the bottom half of the graph, there are many points that have different ratings but all have relatively low earnings. This suggests that there is a higher ceiling(in terms of grossing) for horror movies with high IMDB ratings. \
}